#85 append dev-28 (#139)
IHE/sdpi-fhir: SDPi_Supplement/asciidoc/volume2/dev-28/tf2-dev-28.adoc

:var_transaction_id: DEV-28

:var_label_dev_28_message_contextreport: Notification

[#vol2_clause_dev_28]
=== Notify Change in System Context and Capabilities [{var_transaction_id}]

==== Scope

include::tf2-dev-28-summary.adoc[]

> ==== Actor Roles

Reviewer: For some reason, "Actor Roles" is not rendered correctly. I couldn't figure out the issue yet... Looks like it doesn't like the the summary include

.Actor Roles {var_transaction_id}
[cols="1,2"]
|===
|Actor |Roles

|<<actor_somds_consumer>>
|Listens for a <<vol2_clause_dev_28_message_notification, {var_label_dev_28_message_contextreport}>> message to retrieve context updates.

|<<actor_somds_provider>>
|While a subscription is running, the <<actor_somds_provider>> delivers <<vol2_clause_dev_28_message_notification, {var_label_dev_28_message_contextreport}>> messages.

|===

==== Referenced Standards

* <<ieee_11073_10207_2017>> Section 7.4 Message Model

==== Messages

.Message Interaction Diagram {var_transaction_id}
[plantuml#vol2_figure_dev_28_sequence, target=puml-dev-28-sequence, format=svg, reftext='{figure-caption} {counter:refnum}',width=100%]
....
include::../../plantuml/vol2-figure-dev-28-sequence.puml[]
....

// ---------- EpisodicContextReport ---------

[#vol2_clause_dev_28_message_notification]
===== {var_label_dev_28_message_contextreport} Message

The {var_label_dev_28_message_contextreport} message contains updated context data and is delivered by a <<actor_somds_provider>> to subscribed <<actor_somds_consumer>>s.

[#vol2_clause_dev_28_message_notification_trigger_events]
====== Trigger Events

> The {var_label_dev_28_message_contextreport} message is sent whenever a <<actor_somds_consumer>> is subscribed to a <<actor_somds_provider>> and intends to get notified on certain changes of a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

Reviewer: Something along the lines:
```suggestion
The {var_label_dev_28_message_contextreport} message is sent whenever a context of a <<actor_somds_provider>> is updated and a <<actor_somds_consumer>> is subscribed to context reports of a <<actor_somds_provider>>.
```
To make clear that a trigger is also bound to the update of the context.

[#vol2_clause_dev_28_message_notification_semantics]
====== Message Semantics

[[payload_dev_28_notification_cotext]]EpisodicContextReport:: A change report that contains context information.

[#vol2_clause_dev_28_message_contextreport_expected_actions]
====== Expected Actions

> When a <<actor_somds_provider>> sends this message, the receiving <<actor_somds_consumer>> could unsubscribe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a <<actor_somds_provider>> sends this message, there is no expected action or required responses.
```
